And when eighth grade hit was when my mom was diagnosed with cancer. And we had just been kicked out of our home, our single-family home. It was foreclosed on, so we had to go and live back with my father and my grandparents. And that transition enhanced even more things that I saw. So I was witnessing abuse in the home.


I wasn't just witnessing it, I was going through abuse in my home, and so I would cut myself. Besides that, I was also trying to fulfill things like I was, so the masturbating and the watching porn enhanced a lot that year. And the way that I felt in that time, I don't have the words, I just remember feeling so lost and confused. I had no idea who I was. I was just trying to fulfill


and figure me out in so many of the wrong ways. At five or six years old, I lived in a single-family home with my parents, and I came across a computer screen that had bestiality. And I witnessed a woman and a horse doing things. And I remember


almost right after feeling sensations and things that I never felt before. And I remember feeling guilty for even just witnessing and watching what I had watched. Around that same time, we were attending a local church, a megachurch in the area. And we would go occasionally, like Christmases and Easter and like big events. And when we would go, The worship was great and the sermons, I usually fell asleep through, right? But most of the time, my favorite part was the altar call. And I remember distinctly remembering, like, if you want to give your life to Jesus Christ, everyone bow your heads and close your eyes, you know, raise your hand. And at a very young age, like between five and on, I was the little kid, you know, like me, you know, like I want to. And I believe that that might have came from what I had witnessed and the shame that I had felt. I felt like at such a young age, I needed a savior. Fast forwarding a little bit towards my middle school years, I remember starting to come across CDs online.



And I remember starting to come across magazines and wondering what are these things and feeling those sensations again and feeling that shame and that guilt. Like, what am I witnessing and why does this feel so good? I tried my best.


